Update User Guide - Credentials for secured services (#11774)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

<img src="../img/catalog/general_settings.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:600px;"/>

In particular, the user can set:

* The **Url** of the remote source service

* The **Type** of the remote source service chooseing between *WMS*, *WFS*, *CSW*, *TMS*, *WMTS*, *3D Tiles*, *IFC Model* and *ArcGIS*

* The **Title** to assign to the catalog. This text will be used in the service selection dropdown menu for this service.

> Additionally, the admin can protect a service by enabling **Basic Authentication**. Once the <img src="../img/button/basic-auth-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is clicked, the credentials can be entered in the popup that appears. This ensures that the *Basic Authentication* header is automatically included in the OGC requests for layers belonging to that catalog source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MapStore also provides the possibility specify credentials for sources requesting them for authorizing requested layer tiles. Once the <img src="../img/button/basic-auth-button.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button is clicked, the service credentials can be entered in a popup. This is for supporting Basic Auth and ensures that the *Basic Authentication* header is automatically included in the OGC requests for layers belonging to that catalog source. 
```
